[FEATURE] Add fileExport capability (#352)
SAP/karma-ui5: README.md

}
```

### fileExport
Type: `boolean` or `object`  
Default: `false`

> Configures whether report files provided by tools like the UI5 Support Assistant are exported to the file system.  

Reviewer: should we maybe also document how to provide those files? (window._$files array structure)

Reviewer 2: Done

}
```

### fileExport
Type: `boolean` or `object`  
Default: `false`

> Configures whether report files provided by tools like the UI5 Support Assistant are exported to the file system.  

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Configures whether report files provided by tools like UI5 Support Assistant are exported to the file system.  
```

Optionally, an output directory can be set to specify the export path.

Example `boolean`:
```js
ui5: {
  fileExport: true
}
```

Example `object`:
```js
ui5: {
  fileExport: {
    outputDir: "directory/to/export/files"
  }
}
```

> Projects can also add report files by itself by setting or enhancing the global `window._$files` array in the executed source code on the following way:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Projects can also add report files by themselves by setting or enhancing the global `window._$files` array in the executed source code in the following way:
```
